hi everyone its rosella so I have been
thinking for quite a long time about
doing a challenge and I have some ideas
after I have a lot of ideas for
different challenges and for something I
want to try out and I don't know if it's
going to work but I'm going to give it a
try and I'm not going to tell kind of
what everything is is its involved right
now because I want to see how this first
month goes and see how many people
participate and see how it works ok so
my challenge is for next month's and my
due date is March 28 for this challenge
so I challenge you to make something
anything that features lace on it and
really I want the lace to be if not the
focal points certainly one of the focal
points so that's the first requirement
is that you must use lace and the second
is that you have to use three or more
different laces don't need to use a huge
amount of any of them just three
different places and it doesn't have to
be for me doesn't matter whatsoever so
I'd like to see video responses if
possible to this challenge if you don't
want to do a video response or you can't
do a video response let me know and
we'll figure something out you can send
me photos or I don't know we'll we'll
work something out okay because I don't
want to exclude people just because they
don't have a video camera or because
they they can't do videos this is open
worldwide and the prize is going to be a
custom kit for me so you will be able to
pick your own colors theme that sort of
thing the prize package will be worth
around
40-45 dollars and also i will be sending
a little something to every single
person that participates so this is my
March challenge I hope you will
participate and if you would help to
spread the word through YouTube land
crafts you to blend I would super super
appreciate it because the more people
that join in the happier we'll make me
and know better i'm going to feel i'm
actually bartley doing this as something
to cheer me up and give me things to
look forward to so anyway again lace
item three different laces send me a
video response or get in touch with me
prize is a custom kit and prizes for
everyone who participates thanks so much
looking forward to seeing what you make
oh and please do something new like
don't use something that you've already
made because that kind of you know blows
the point the point is to get everybody
creating new things okay thanks bye